17)Do you give feedbacks for the university? Why do you/ why do you not?<br>
 
 <b>I give feedback for SRI's for the professors of the university because I feel that it improves classes. I also give random feedback surveys every now and then for particular events at university or locations.</b><br>

13.How important do you think feedback is for the university or any organization?<br>
According to you, how important it is to take feedbacks for any organization in general or university in particular? <br>

 <b>It's extremely important to give feedback or else there would be no improvements within an organization because they don't know how people feel.<br></b>

10. Do you know about chatbots? Have you ever used it? Do you think it is cool to use?<br>

<b>Yes, I know about chatbots. I've used them on occasion when I want to avoid calling customer service for a simple request. I think it's cool and useful.<br></b>

7. Do you think  the feedbacks you give are implemented in the system? Why ?<br>

<b>I feel half and half. If it's feedback for a small group, I feel like my voice is heard, otherwise I feel that my opinion is not heard as well unless other people feel the same way.<br></b>

11. There are always 0-5 scales for feedback. Do you like that system? Have you ever encountered in a situation where you want to give 3.5/5?<br>

<b>No I don't like that system. I wish it was even more narrowed down, or maybe dragging a scale across from 0-5 instead of choosing a full number.<br></b>

8. There are hundreds of responses for the feedback. What do you think we should do with it?<br>
What would be a good way to get information out of it?<br>

<b>Counting the frequency of words and extracting the most frequently used words would probably be most useful to get information from so many responses.<br></b>

14.Have you ever been in a situation where your professor has knowledge but you are not able to understand because approaches are different. Your professor tries hard to make you understand but you cant. What do you think should be done about it. Share some experience.<br>

<b>I think at that point I would go to a TA and have the TA explain it to me slowly step by step, or have someone who has taken the class before use an example. It's easier to learn a topic by example for my personally.<br></b>

19)Are you satisfied with the current feedback system? What do you like /What you don’t like about it?<br>

<b>I'm moderately satisfied with the system. The only thing I don't like is not knowing how effective my feedback will be, or how it will be counted or looked at.<br></b>
 

15a).If you have a choice, would you prefer to ask any doubt personally or in a class ? Why?<br>
15b)Or would you prefer to write it to an app which stays anonymous?<br>

<b>I would prefer to write it in an app to stay anonymous.<br></b>

16)Do you have any small issue with the university that you would like to be solved?<br>
Did you do anything about it?<br>

<b>I don't have any issues currently.<br></b>

18)what if we can give feedback to professor while class is going on? And professor can actually see the results live? To change the method and adapt according to students…<br>

<b>Although this is a good idea, I think it might be distracting to the professor. I think the feedback idea is great only after a topic is covered in class and the professor can ask the class if they understood it or if they need to go over it again. So maybe more of a bi-weekly/weekly instead of a daily thing.<br></b>

20)Has this happened to you before that something changed in a system, and you just gave a feedback some time ago. How do you feel about it ? <br>

<b>I recently gave feedback about the faculty choosing to change earlier computer science classes, so, as someone who has gone through those classes I felt like my feedback was useful for the survey.<br></b>

21)Do you like to contribute to make any system or university better ? How do you like to do that? What are the ways?<br>

<b>Yes, I like to do it through surveys.<br></b>

22)Have you used google forms or any other online system?<br>

<b>Yes.<br></b>

2. Do you think every education system should have an interactive feedback system?<br>
<b>Yes.<br></b>
